Have you read all the official documents of Fan'er Zhongshu?
A clear document with a Chinese script
The future of this project is beyond doubt
It turns out
The planning and upgrade of the whole industry chain you made
Is the most correct choice
It is the investment of tens of billions of project funds
That's 40 billion cash flow
Even with all the company's liquidity
Can't fill the gap
Money problem
I have already solved it
Pardon me?
Look carefully
Did you sell the land in Dongshan?
The land is planned for regeneration
The return on investment is continuous over time
How could I do it?
Then this money is
I just found some people to invest in it
Your investors each invest 20 billion
10% of the shares, you haven't started the project yet.
Make a hundred billion
According to the mountains
That's the central guard building behind him.
We must take back power as soon as possible
Sure enough, it is hard with small wings
I want to deal with him
I'm afraid it's already powerless
After today
Our Lin's Group will become the largest group in Zhongzhou
Second only to the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
If you look across the building.
The most powerful consortium
Fan'er, you did this project by hand.
When the project is completed
Invite midstate celebrities
Held an unprecedented celebration party
Then I want you to die without a burial place
This time
I must have a good experience with Song Lan
The taste of falling from the clouds
Song Lan thought he was strategizing
Everything is under control
But how do you know your husband's ability?
I don't know if I should say something.
Between you and me
Is there anything else you can't say?
Although you are now a temporary
The largest controlling stake
But he delivered
He still owns only 30% of the company's shares
Then the temporary group made money
He sent 30% of them.
I won't have a future